ABOUT
-----

Battleship is a single and multiplayer strategy game. It was developed in Spring 2006 by Stefan Klumpp and Felix Ruess as an examination project at the University of Applied Sciences Ulm (HS-Ulm)

This software is Open Source and licensed under the GPL. It is written in C++ and Qt, an open source, cross-platform graphical widget toolkit.

Battleship runs under UNIX, UNIX-like operating systems, Mac OS X and MS Windows.

FYI: there are for sure better battleship clones out there, but I still wanted to provide the source code as an educational resource for anyone learning Qt or game development in general.


INSTRUCTIONS
------------

To start a new game select "Single Player" from the game menu or
just press the "New Game" Button on the main window.

(The network game is still in development and is currently in 
a testing and debugging phase. For this reason it isn't selectable for
ordinary users, yet.)

Once the game has been started, every player puts his ships in his
own field. In your case the left one.
Just follow the notices in the console output, they're almost
self-explanatory.
It shows the type of ship, which is currently selected and
also its size in boxes.
With the right mouse button you can toggle the alignment
of your ship. The default value at the beginning is "horizontal".

After all players have set up their fleet, a message is announced and
the battle can take place. Also your mouse icon will change into
a cross-hair for better aiming.

The first turn is yours (for network game there will be a random choice).
Just fire (click) on the enemy field, where you assume the hostile ship.
If it is a hit, the box will turn into yellow, if the whole ship is
destroyed all associated boxes will turn into red.
If it was a miss, the blue sea will turn into dark blue.

If you made a hit, it's your part again. If you missed, it's
the opponents turn.

If it seems you're loosing just press the "EWO-Mode" Button,
and you'll get some mental assistance ;-)

As soon as the fleet of one participant is destroyed the battle will
stop and the winner will be announced.

Enjoy the game.


